Explain the following code snippet. Explain what the code is attempting to do? You can explain by: Giving use-cases of what this construct/pattern could be used for?
 
package main

import "fmt"

func main() {
    cnp := make(chan func(), 10)
    for i := 0; i < 4; i++ {
        go func() {
            for f := range cnp {
                f()
            }
        }()
    }
    cnp <- func() {
        fmt.Println("HERE1")
    }
    fmt.Println("Hello")
}

ans:- This code uses the goroutines and channels to implement concurrent pattern known as worker pool
      This code is attempting to do:
       
      1. the code  starts by importing the necessary packages, including "fmt" for printing messages.
      
      2. The main() function is the entry point of the program.

      3. the line 'cpn:= make(chan func(),10)' here we created a buffered channel with the size of 10 that can hold 10 function,
         the name of channel is cpn. this channel will be used to pass the function between goroutines.

      4. the 'for' loop is creating the four goroutines.Each goroutine waits for functions to be received from the cnp channel 
         and then executes those functions.

      5. Inside the loop, an anonymous function is defined using the 'go' keyword. This function continuously listens for functions
         coming from the 'cnp' channel using the range syntax for 'f := range cnp'. 

      6. After starting the goroutines, the code reaches the line 'cnp <- func() { fmt.Println("HERE1") }'. 
         This line sends a function to the cnp channel. but it does not print "HERE1" that is because the main function does not wait 
         for other fuctions to complete its execution.If we want to print the line "HERE1" the we can just add few time.sleep(2) before the
         line 'fmt.Println("Hello")'. and also here it is asynchronous so it does not wait for channel to read the sent data.

      7. Finally, the code prints "Hello" using fmt.Println().   

      Use-cases of this construct/pattern could include:
        . Distributing tasks: If you have a set of tasks that can be executed independently and concurrently, you can use the worker pool 
          pattern to distribute those tasks among multiple worker goroutines.

        . Controlling concurrency: By limiting the number of worker goroutines (in this case, four), you can control the level of concurrency 
          and prevent overwhelming the system with too many concurrent operations.

        . Asynchronous processing: The worker pool pattern allows you to process functions asynchronously, freeing up the main goroutine to
          perform other tasks while the worker goroutines handle the execution of the functions.